Doc fixes for query from deep storage and MSQ (#15313)
apache/druid: docs/querying/query-from-deep-storage.md

Druid can query segments that are only stored in deep storage. Running a query from deep storage is slower than running queries from segments that are loaded on Historical processes, but it's a great tool for data that you either access infrequently or where the low latency results that typical Druid queries provide is not necessary. Queries from deep storage can increase the surface area of data available to query without requiring you to scale your Historical processes to accommodate more segments.

> ## Pre-requisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> * Please enable the multi-stage query extension before you begin. See [enable multi-stage query](../multi-stage-query/index.md#load-the-extension) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Query from deep storage requires the Multi-stage query (MSQ) task engine. Load the extension for it if you don't already have it enabled before you begin. See [enable MSQ](../multi-stage-query/index.md#load-the-extension) for more information.
```
